README.md, before:

![Icon](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/27cad258-8627-4163-b4b6-73ac27accc4f)

# TuiCamp

Unofficial TimeCamp TUI

## Keybindings

| Panel        |          Key           | Action                         |
| :----------- | :--------------------: | :----------------------------- |
| All          |          `q`           | Quit                           |
| Calendar     |       `h` or `←`       | Move to previous day           |
| Calendar     |       `l` or `→`       | Move to next day               |
| Calendar     |       `j` or `↓`       | Move to next week              |
| Calendar     |       `k` or `↑`       | Move to previous week          |
| Calendar     |          `L`           | Move to left panel (Timer)     |
| Calendar     |          `J`           | Move to bottom panel (Entries) |
| Calendar     |     `g` or `Home`      | Move to first day of month     |
| Calendar     |      `G` or `End`      | Move to last day of month      |
| Calendar     |    `p` or `Page Up`    | Move to previous month         |
| Calendar     |   `n` or `Page Down`   | Move to next month             |
| Calendar     |          `t`           | Move to today                  |
| Calendar     |   `Enter` or `Space`   | Select day                     |
| Timer        |          `H`           | Move to right panel (Calendar) |
| Timer        |          `J`           | Move to bottom panel (Entries) |
| Timer        |   `Enter` or `Space`   | Start or stop timer            |
| Entries      |          `K`           | Move to top panel (Calendar)   |
| Entries      |       `j` or `↓`       | Move to next entry             |
| Entries      |       `k` or `↑`       | Move to previous entry         |
| Entries      |     `e` or `Enter`     | Edit entry                     |
| Entries      |          `d`           | Delete entry                   |
| Entry        |      `q` or `Esc`      | Return to entries list         |
| Entry        |       `j` or `↓`       | Move to next task              |
| Entry        |       `k` or `↑`       | Move to previous task          |
| Entry        |     `g` or `Home`      | Move to first task             |
| Entry        |      `G` or `End`      | Move to last task              |
| Entry        |   `Enter` or `Space`   | Select task                    |
| Entry        |          `/`           | Search tasks                   |
| Search tasks | `Esc`, `Enter`, or `/` | Exit search mode               |

## Screenshots

![Calendar](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/2ac68a9a-4ae2-4a7a-8dd4-fcc4db1e032a)

![Entries](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/282c72c8-d3ed-44a5-b22e-89b29db186f4)

![Tasks](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/068fabab-ff5e-45b7-bdb0-c92fcd754a47)

![Search](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/d7fde81c-0b27-4e29-81fa-e4703f573c34)

Commit message:

docs(readme): add build and installation instructions

README.md, after:

![Icon](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/27cad258-8627-4163-b4b6-73ac27accc4f)

# TuiCamp

Unofficial TimeCamp TUI

## Build and Installation

This project uses [`just`](https://github.com/casey/just) as a command runner and requires [Go](https://golang.org/) for building. Below are the available commands:

### Available Commands

- `just` or `just install` - Build and install the binary to `PREFIX/bin/` (default: `/usr/local/bin`)
- `just build` - Build the binary in the current directory
- `just uninstall` - Remove the installed binary
- `just clean` - Remove the built binary from the current directory

## Usage

```sh
tuicamp
```

## Keybindings

| Panel        |          Key           | Action                         |
| :----------- | :--------------------: | :----------------------------- |
| All          |          `q`           | Quit                           |
| Calendar     |       `h` or `←`       | Move to previous day           |
| Calendar     |       `l` or `→`       | Move to next day               |
| Calendar     |       `j` or `↓`       | Move to next week              |
| Calendar     |       `k` or `↑`       | Move to previous week          |
| Calendar     |          `L`           | Move to left panel (Timer)     |
| Calendar     |          `J`           | Move to bottom panel (Entries) |
| Calendar     |     `g` or `Home`      | Move to first day of month     |
| Calendar     |      `G` or `End`      | Move to last day of month      |
| Calendar     |    `p` or `Page Up`    | Move to previous month         |
| Calendar     |   `n` or `Page Down`   | Move to next month             |
| Calendar     |          `t`           | Move to today                  |
| Calendar     |   `Enter` or `Space`   | Select day                     |
| Timer        |          `H`           | Move to right panel (Calendar) |
| Timer        |          `J`           | Move to bottom panel (Entries) |
| Timer        |   `Enter` or `Space`   | Start or stop timer            |
| Entries      |          `K`           | Move to top panel (Calendar)   |
| Entries      |       `j` or `↓`       | Move to next entry             |
| Entries      |       `k` or `↑`       | Move to previous entry         |
| Entries      |     `e` or `Enter`     | Edit entry                     |
| Entries      |          `d`           | Delete entry                   |
| Entry        |      `q` or `Esc`      | Return to entries list         |
| Entry        |       `j` or `↓`       | Move to next task              |
| Entry        |       `k` or `↑`       | Move to previous task          |
| Entry        |     `g` or `Home`      | Move to first task             |
| Entry        |      `G` or `End`      | Move to last task              |
| Entry        |   `Enter` or `Space`   | Select task                    |
| Entry        |          `/`           | Search tasks                   |
| Search tasks | `Esc`, `Enter`, or `/` | Exit search mode               |

## Screenshots

![Calendar](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/2ac68a9a-4ae2-4a7a-8dd4-fcc4db1e032a)

![Entries](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/282c72c8-d3ed-44a5-b22e-89b29db186f4)

![Tasks](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/068fabab-ff5e-45b7-bdb0-c92fcd754a47)

![Search](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/d7fde81c-0b27-4e29-81fa-e4703f573c34)
